Docs/offline usage and troubleshooting (#453)
9elements/firmware-action: docs/src/firmware-action/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting common problems

Many `firmware-action` errors and warnings come with suggestion on how to fix them.

> Other than that, here some common problems and solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other than that, here are some common problems and solutions.
```

```admonish tip

> The first thing when troubleshooting is to look thought the output for errors and warnings. Many of these messages come with `suggestion` with instructions on possible solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first thing when troubleshooting is to look through the output for errors and warnings. Many of these messages come with a `suggestion` with instructions on possible solutions.
```
